Dr. Melcher says, Ms. Brown, it's really serious.
He says, you know, this could kill you. I said, oh,
Dr. Melcher, I don't think so. I said, I'm not going
to get excited and worry about this. The law will
take care of it. And so he said, well, come on. See,
it was Saturday at noon then. He said, come back
early Monday morning. So I came on home, studied my
Sunday school lesson, went to Sunday school
church, taught my Sunday school class, and acted
just like I always did when he was scared. But
Monday morning, I went back there, and like he
said, he says, I have not been able to sleep hard
this weekend worrying about you. And he said, I
don't know what I'm going to do to get that poison
out of your head. He said, I'm going to x-ray it
again right now and see if it's gone away. And I
said, all right, so he x-rayed it again, and it was
still right there. And he said, well, I tell you,
the only thing I know to do to get rid of it is to cut
your head open, operate on it. I said, now, Dr.
Melcher, I haven't been afraid until now, but I
said, I'm scared to death now. I'm not going to have
my head cut open my hole. So I said, you'll have to
give me a few minutes, if you will, please, before I
give you an answer about that. I'll have to go home
and pray about it. I said, I have a Heavenly Father
who works out my problems for me, and I said, I want
to talk this over with Him and see what He says for me
to do about it. So I keep a Bible on my kitchen table,
And I came home and went to the kitchen table and sat
down. My husband was living in those days. And I
said, now, Father, you heard what Dr. Melcher had
just said to me, and I want to ask you what I must do
about it. He wants to operate on my head and cut it
open and get the poison out, and I do not know what in
this world to do, so please tell me. So I said, I'm
going to again ask you to take my hands and tell me in
the Bible what your answer is. So I turned to the
scripture, and it said, Daughter, thy faith hath
made thee holy, going peaceful. So I picked up my
phone, and I first thanked the Lord. I knew that I
was healed. I knew the poison was gone. I picked up
my telephone right there on the kitchen table by
me, and I said, Dr. Melcher, you don't need to worry
about me anymore. I said, God has just healed my
head. And he said, Ms. Brown, have you lost your
mind? I said, no, I haven't lost my mind. I said, you
know, I told you I was coming home to pray about it.
And so I said, I did. And I said, God has just healed
me. He said, will you please get in your car and come
back down here? He said, I don't know what's the
matter with you, but he said, I've got to examine
your head again. So I went right straight back. I
had been gone about 20 minutes. He accelerated
again, and the party was gone. He said, Ms. Bryan,
it is a miracle. I said, well, of course it was. I
told you that. Then one day, we were going to have a
vacation Bible school at our church, and the
telephone rang, and the man who was in charge of the
Bible school at our church said, Ms. Bryan, I want
to ask a big favor of you. He said, we hope elected a
woman to be principal of our Bible school. And he
says, lo and behold, she's real sick. She's been
put to bed. The doctor says she won't be well for
maybe months. And he said, we don't have the
faculty for the Bible school, and we don't have the
literature. We don't have anything. And he says,
I'm sick in bed with a blood clot in my leg. And he
said, I just wonder if you would promise to be
principal of Bible school. And he says, you know,
it's just a month until it starts. Well, that is a
tremendous job. You have to get about 125 workers.
You have to honor the literature. You have to have
all kinds of meetings and tell those women and men
what they have to do. And you have a lot of
advertising people. It's just a tremendous job.
And I said, Mr. Griffin, I fell off my sideboard,
that very one right over there yesterday. I got up
there to pull that blind down, and I fell off the
sideboard. And I said, I've got some broken ribs.
And I said, I'm just suffering terribly with
broken ribs this morning. He said, oh, isn't that
just awful? I said, well, now, wait a minute. I
said, Mr. Griffin, you know the Lord can heal my
ribs if he needs me to be principal of Bible school.
So I said, let's pray about it. So he said, well, we
certainly will. So I just told the Lord, I said,
now, dear Heavenly Father, if you need me to be
principal of that Bible school, I'll do it if
you'll heal my ribs, but I'm not able with broken
ribs. So I had forgotten when it was two days of
three. The Lord healed my broken ribs. And I went
ahead. I was principal of Bible school. We got
everything all ready on time. We had a wonderful
school. Lost souls were saved. The girls and boys
found Christ. I love them. And I went on to be
principal the next two years after that. And then
not so terribly long ago, my family had been here
one night just Christmas Eve for Christmas
dinner. And we had strawberry parsley for dessert
with fruit cake. And, of course, that was
Christmas Eve night, so the next thing was
Christmas, and I was here by myself because my
husband was gone. And I always let my son and his
wife and their family have that veil for me to be
with her family. And so I was here all by myself, and
I went in the kitchen and ate the leftovers from
Christmas dinner the night before, and I wound up
with strawberry parfait. And the strawberries
had been nice, crushed, but they were still, you
know, big. They were still the normal size. And so
one of those went the wrong way and got down in my
windpipe or something down in my chest. I couldn't
get it up, and I couldn't get it down, and I tried
everywhere in this world. I caught, and I gained,
and I went on. And that thing would not budge. So it
was getting along toward dark that afternoon. I'd
been playing around with that thing all
afternoon, trying to do it myself. And I would say
every now and then, I'd say, well, Lord, please
help me. But I wasn't really praying. You know,
real prayer is different from the way we pray
sometimes. So it began to get dark. And I thought,
well, I just got to go to the hospital. I was still
here all by myself. So I got on my car and I drove
myself down to the Brown Hospital. And there was an
orderly and a nurse on duty. Everybody else was at
home for Christmas dinner that night. Because
that was Christmas Day. And so I said, what am I
going to do? She said, there's not a doctor in the
hospital. But she said, I'll call one and ask him to
come and do something to help you. And I said, well,
somebody's going to have to help me because I can't
go to bed tonight. I couldn't even lie down. It was
so uncomfortable. And I hadn't been able to eat.
And so she called the doctor, and he wouldn't come.
He didn't want to leave his family for Christmas.
Then I couldn't blame him. But anyway, he said,
give her a shot and tell her to eat a piece of bread.
So I said, well, it's not going to be any good. I
can't eat bread. I've been trying all afternoon to
get something down. I said, I can't swallow it. And
I said, I don't believe a shot was going to get in. So
she gave me the shot, and it hurt like fury. And I got
in my car and came on home, and it was just the same
old thing. I couldn't eat any bread at all. So then
it was getting along toward bedtime, and then I was
going to really cry. So I said, Father, you know
that I had been trying all afternoon to get rid of
that strawberry. I said, I had been to the
hospital. I tried to get a doctor, and he wouldn't
come. And I said, I don't have any family. My
husband's dead and in heaven. And my son is having
Christmas with his wife and her family. And I don't
want to disturb them. And I said, I have only you.
And I said, you are sufficient. You're all I need.
So I said, I'm going to ask you now to really get rid
of this strawberry for me. So I went in the bathroom
and gave myself again. And up came the strawberry.
Oh. Then another time, I was hurrying to go to my
circle meeting, a church meeting, you know, for
women, where we studied the Bible. So I got all
dressed and came downstairs, and my powder room is
where I put my cosmetics on, my makeup. So I stepped
in my elevator. I have an electric elevator. So I
stepped in that elevator and pushed the down
button, and it wouldn't budge. I mean, it got
halfway down, and then it would not go any further.
It just was hanging between the two floors. I tried
to push the up button, it wouldn't go up. When I
pushed the down button, it wouldn't go down. It
just was hanging there between the first and
second floor. So I jumped up and down trying to make
it fall. And it was too far for me to jump. So I
thought, what am I going to do? And my first thought
was to panic. And then I thought, well, I don't have
to panic. I have a Heavenly Father who can do all
things. So I just bowed my head and prayed, and I
said, Father, you know now what a predicament I've
gotten myself in again. And I said, I do not have a
soul in this world. I said, my friends are not going
to come here because they all know I go to the circle
on Tuesday morning. And my husband is dead. My
son's already been here this morning for his
visit. And I said, I haven't phoned for the plumber
or the carpenter or anybody like that to come. So I
said, I'll probably hang here until tomorrow
morning. When my son comes back again, unless you
help me, I said, now, Father, you are all in this
world I need, so I'm putting myself in your hands. I
said, you know, I can't even make my neighbors
hear. I don't believe you. I said, it's
summertime. They all shut up with the air
conditioning going. And I said, I just don't know
what you can do about it. Of course, so human, you
know, I began trying to help God work it out. So I
said, I'll tell you what, I think my
daughter-in-law is the nearest one to me. So I
said, of course, you could send her outdoors. And I
said, of course, I'm not going to know when she
comes outdoors because there was draperies
hanging all in the windows and everything. But I
said, Lord, you could tell me when she comes
outdoors. And then I just screamed at the top of my
voice. And I said, in the meantime, I'm just going
to wait for you to tell me that she's come outdoors.
So I stood there, I don't know how many minutes, not
over six or seven. And all that time I was thinking,
well, I know God's going to get somebody up here to
help me. So in a few minutes he said to me, you know,
God talks to you through your feelings. That's one
way he talks to us. And so he just put the feeling on
me just so plainly that I should call. He said to me,
now call. She's outdoors now. So I just screamed
normal at the top of my voice. That's my husband.
son's wife's name. So in just about two seconds,
she was at my back door. She said, Ruth, what is the
matter with you? She said, what's happened? Are
you sick or something? I said, no. Norma, I'm stuck
in the elevator. I said, please go in my garage.
There's a short ladder in there. And will you
please bring the ladder so I can climb down the
elevator? So she said, well, of course. So she I
said, there's a key outdoors, and I told her where
to get the key to unlock the door. So she came in and
brought the flapper, and I climbed down out of the
elevator. And I said, now, Mama, what were you
doing a while ago before you heard me call you? She
said, well, you know, it's the strangest thing.
She said, I was in the house getting ready to
shampoo my hair. I had my towel and my shampoo in my
hand, and she said, all of a sudden, it just came
over me that I must go outdoors. Oh. So she said, I
didn't know what in the world I was going outdoors
for. She said, I thought maybe something terrible
was happening out there or something. But she
said, something said to me that I must go outdoors.
So she said, I went outdoors. And instantly, I
heard you call. Oh. So if anybody ever says to me
that they do not believe in prayer, I pay no
attention to them. I try to tell them that they're
wrong. God certainly does hear and answer prayer.
And I don't know what this world I'd do without him.
So in a worldly sense, I've had a very uneventful
life. My life has been spent in spiritual ways,
mainly. Of course, it's important. Which is the
best kind of life in the world to have. You know,
this life is so short. Now, you see, I'm almost 80
years old. And of course, when you get to be 80, you
don't expect to be around too much longer. Well,
you'd think that, oh, woman, I've gotten to be fat
and ugly and I'm not popular with the worldly
crowd. They don't invite me to their cocktail
parties because they know I'm not coming. And I
wouldn't go if they invited me. And I wouldn't know
what to do if I got there. I'd feel so
uncomfortable. So I'm not popular with the
worldly crowd, the society crowd. And I have
arthritis in both my knees. And I don't get around
like I used to. I don't go to any kind of parties
anymore. And yet, I don't imagine there's anybody
in this town that's any happier than I am. I don't
see how they could be. I'm just warming up air all
the time, and I'm so excited about going to heaven.
I'm looking forward to it. And the other day, I was
reading one of Billy Graham's books, Angels. And I
believe it's in that book that he was telling about
his mother's mother, his grandmother, was nine,
and they had her propped up in bed. And she said, all
of a sudden, she said, Oh, I see Jesus. I see heaven.
And she says, and there is Ben. Ben was her husband
who had died before. And I tell you, I just got so
excited because I know my husband's going to be
sitting there waiting to welcome me when I go to
heaven. He said a few days before he died, he'd wait
for me in heaven. And not too long ago, God let me see
him in heaven in my dream. And I just really am
excited about going to heaven. It's going to be the
greatest day of my life. The only thing is, I
haven't done enough work for the Lord. I'm not
going to have enough gifts to take Him when I go. And
I haven't won enough lost souls to Christ. So for
that reason, I'm happy to stay here until He's
ready for me to come. But as you see, my life has not
been spectacular or fabulous according to the
world's standards. And now I think I've told you
about everything I know about insane.
So is me too.